# Announcing the InfluxData Sandbox

Today I'm happy to announce the InfluxData `sandbox`. The sandbox is a connected, out-of-the-box suite of InfluxData products - the TICK Stack. With all of our full stack tutorials, such as [this one for kapacitor](https://docs.influxdata.com/kapacitor/v1.2/introduction/getting_started/), you need to install all the products and configure them to work together.  While the defaults work pretty well for this, you will still need to perform a few steps to get started. 

Also many operations have additional steps to be taken at each level of the stack. For example adding a new input to telegraf gives additional metrics to alerting, graph, downsample. The `sandbox` makes running and configuration easy so that you can focus on learning the task you need to perform and zeroing in on what changes need to be made to each layer. 

Working with the sandbox is meant to simulate a production InfluxData installation running on separate machines without the management complexity. Currently there are tutorials for setting up authentication for the TICK Stack and creating your first alert in Kapacitor using the UI in Chronograf. We will be adding more tutorials to the sandbox as features are added and at users' requests. 

It is available on github [(`influxdata/sandbox`)](https://github.com/influxdata/sandbox). To get started just clone the repo and run `./sandbox up`. This downloads [docker](https://docker.com) images for each of the products and starts them in the proper configuration. You browser will open Chronograf and the tutorials in separate tabs. Just follow the rest of the instructions in the [`README.md`](https://github.com/influxdata/sandbox) to connect InfluxDB and Kapacitor to Chronograf and you are ready to go! The sandbox persists data in the cloned directory to make for easy install/uninstall as well as inspection of the data directories for each product. This also means that you can stop the standbox and easily come back to your previous state.

As hinted above this project is built using Docker. The necessary network and volume configurations are specified in the `./docker-compose.yaml` file at the root of the project. If you are looking to deploy TICK in production that is a good place to start. That file contains comments to show how to change the versions of each product as well. 